hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be showing you my camping morning
routine so I go camping with my family
and some family friends every year it's
an annual trip that we do and honestly
is one of the highlights of my year I
love camping the simplicity and
wholesomeness of it and spending time
with people that you love so yeah I
decided to share this morning routine
with you it's very very simple
nothing like my morning routine for the
rest of the year because as I said I
really like the wholesomeness of camping
and I really tried to prioritize that
when I'm away so the first thing I do
when I wake up is have a drink of water
I always keep a water bottle by my
sleeping bag and the thing about
sleeping in one of these canvas tents is
the light wakes you up so you have to
wear an eye mask in the summer otherwise
you wake up before in the morning so as
soon as I wake up I like to just read
over the trip I was reading one of us is
lying and then I will get up and I will
go to the toilet so this is a composting
toilet it's pretty disgusting but also
pretty cool and instead of there being a
sink that is just some hand sanitizer
which doesn't seem very sanitary and I
got to say that I did really like
washing my hands when I got back
properly
so then I will go and eat breakfast in
my pajamas we usually just sit around
the campfire for a while and wait for
everyone to wake up and we just kind of
get ourselves breakfast so this morning
I just had some bagel and hermus our
breakfast is so mismatched when we camp
that that's kind of the fun of it and
then I go and choose my clothes the
things that I want to wear that day and
I also went and took my swimsuit off of
the washing line because I wanted to go
wild swimming and I thought this would
just be easier so my just went into the
shower cubicles to change the campsite
was pretty empty at this time because
this was on the Monday that we were
there and most people left on Sunday so
then I just went ahead and tied up my
hair the easiest thing to do is just put
it in a ponytail and then when I go wild
swimming I just plug the end of it so
it's like a ponytail braid and the
braiding just means that it doesn't get
tangled when I go to me
[Music]
then of course I put on some some cream
some creams so important especially
because you're not your it outside the
whole time where you can and I will slip
it on some perfume because I really like
wearing perfume then the next thing I'll
do is just go and fill up my water
bottle so there is one single drinking
water turn tap at this website and
that's pretty much everything I will do
will end up going wild swimming will
play with the dogs will maybe make a
film there are so many things you can do
in camping we'll just sit around the
bonfire in chat but yes I hope that you
enjoyed this very simple morning routine
and I hope that you have a productive
[Music]